Software 0.28.2 and CLI 0.28.1 release notes (#496)
astronomer/docs: software/release-notes.md

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Software versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

## v0.28.2

Release date: March 14, 2022

### Additional Improvements

- System Admins can now update the name and description for any Workspace on their installation.

> - You can now configure `global.external_labels` and `remote_write` options in Prometheus Helm chart.

Reviewer: This one is a bit confusing and we might be able to make more clear. The `global.external_labels` and `remote_write` options are for the prometheus configuration file, not for helm. I think that if we can find a way to point out that these are options in the prometheus config file it will be more clear what's going on here. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- You can now specify the Prometheus config file's `global.external_labels` and `remote_write` options through the Helm chart.
```
